bump NN to 123.3.1, Common to 23.2.2, Maps to 10.10.1 (#6886)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android: changelog/unreleased/features/6886.md

> - Added custom header x-mapbox-app-info to requests.

Reviewer: Is this relevant for developers? I think we can skip it.

Author: Wasn't this what our customer requested? I mean in the `change-management/issues/1222` "customer impact" is filled.

Reviewer: My understanding is that this is an internal feature, customers will not need to interact with these headers directly.

Author: Removed this entry.

> - Fix upcoming route alerts incorrect position.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue with incorrect position of  `UpcomingRoadObject`s.
```
Is that true for all objects or only the ones that are not on the first leg? If only multi-leg routes were impacted, let's specify.

> - Stabilized routes with alternatives refresh / re-route on deviate.

Reviewer: What does it mean "stabilized", could we get more specific on what issue was resolved?

Author: Removed this entry.

- Started using separate DeadReckoningDetector for Garmin GNSS receiver which uses accuracy for better tunnel exit detection.
- Fixed situations with intensive re-routes on looped/u-turn routes by changing the route matcher's choice of the first location. Now we use fallback localization controller matching to provide the first active guidance progress after setting a new route to help the route matcher start working from the right segment (it already takes road direction, bearing, and looped routes into account).
- Set limit of simultaneously running onboard route requests in config to 2 to prevent excessive resource consumption during intensive/repeated re-routes.
- Fixed potential timestamp inconsistencies that may have led to location rejection by making the timestamp shift corrector configurable and disabled by default.

> - Fixed an issue with incorrect `UpcomingRoadObject#distanceToStart` values on the second, third, etc. legs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue with incorrect `UpcomingRoadObject#distanceToStart` values on multi-leg routes.
```
Can be adjusted when building final changelog.
